README.md, before:

# SHM-Container Documentation

## Introduction

Shared-memory is best known as an effective IPC method, moreover, it is a powerful design pattern in server architecture with some notable features:

* process restart without memory data lost
* achieve modularity with decoupled processes
* keep service HA even with failure in one process
* almost no performance cost for inter process communication

Many popular high-volume internet services (such as QQ server) have benefit from usage of shared-memory techniques. However it is not as easy as using in-process libraries (such as STL) when working with OS shm interface, because you have to manage memory pages directly. So what this project is valuable is that it offers a collection of shared-memory containers with familiar interface for you, and also with the following features:

* provide a unified interface for different underlying shm mechanism (SYSV, SYSV\_HugeTLB, POSIX, ANON, HEAP)
* provide useful container such as hash-map, fifo-queue, broadcast-queue(sync-buf), etc
* efficient C++11 lock-free implemenation aimed to offer extreme high performance
* designed for robust and fast, sufficient unit-tests, production ready and verified
* compact and clean code, only consist of C++ headers with no external dependency

See document of classes in namespace *shmc* for detail.

## HowToUse

The library consists only C++ headers, so importing it in your project is very easy (just add -I dir). It also provides a [bazel](https://bazel.build) BUILD file so just set deps on it if you are using bazel.

If you want to build unit-tests, install bazel and [gtestx](https://github.com/mikewei/gtestx) first.

## Document

You can find document online here: [SHM-Container Documentation](https://mikewei.github.io/doc/shm_container)

Also you can generate doc from source: 1) install cldoc 2) cd doc; make

Commit message:

ADD: add limitation note to README

README.md, after:

# SHM-Container Documentation

## Introduction

Shared-memory is best known as an effective IPC method, moreover, it is a powerful design pattern in server architecture with some notable features:

* process restart without memory data lost
* achieve modularity with decoupled processes
* keep service HA even with failure in one process
* almost no performance cost for inter process communication

Many popular high-volume internet services (such as QQ server) have benefit from usage of shared-memory techniques. However it is not as easy as using in-process libraries (such as STL) when working with OS shm interface, because you have to manage memory pages directly. So what this project is valuable is that it offers a collection of shared-memory containers with familiar interface for you, and also with the following features:

* provide a unified interface for different underlying shm mechanism (SYSV, SYSV\_HugeTLB, POSIX, ANON, HEAP)
* provide useful container such as hash-map, fifo-queue, broadcast-queue(sync-buf), etc
* efficient C++11 lock-free implemenation aimed to offer extreme high performance
* designed for robust and fast, sufficient unit-tests, production ready and verified
* compact and clean code, only consist of C++ headers with no external dependency

See document of classes in namespace *shmc* for detail.

## Limitation

Currently only Linux/x86 platform is supported. Moreover, its design goal is all for server side application.

## HowToUse

The library consists only C++ headers, so importing it in your project is very easy (just add -I dir). It also provides a [bazel](https://bazel.build) BUILD file so just set deps on it if you are using bazel.

If you want to build unit-tests, install bazel and [gtestx](https://github.com/mikewei/gtestx) first.

## Document

You can find document online here: [SHM-Container Documentation](https://mikewei.github.io/doc/shm_container)

Also you can generate doc from source: 1) install cldoc 2) cd doc; make
